Adopt cookiecutter-scverse template (#214)
scverse/muon: README.md

---

Some implementation details are noted in [DESIGN.md](https://github.com/scverse/muon/blob/main/DESIGN.md).

> [Contributions](https://github.com/scverse/muon/blob/main/docs/contributing.md) in the form of [issues](https://github.com/scverse/muon/issues), [pull requests](https://github.com/scverse/muon/pulls) or [discussions](https://github.com/scverse/muon/discussions) are welcome.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Contributions](https://muon.readthedocs.io/page/contributing.html) in the form of [issues](https://github.com/scverse/muon/issues), [pull requests](https://github.com/scverse/muon/pulls) or [discussions](https://github.com/scverse/muon/discussions) are welcome.
```

Also, should we replace discussions with the scverse discourse?

Author: Yup
